hi guys sci-fi recapped here before we
start morning
spoilers ahead today i'm going to
continue the explanation of science
fiction live action movie called
assassination classroom graduation
the story will still revolve around a
classroom that was assigned a mission to
assassinate their own teacher who turns
out to be a yellow squid like weird
creature this movie has a very unique
concept about the relationship between
students and teacher and also has a very
deep moral story behind it make sure to
watch it till the end to find out for
those who haven't watched the first part
feel free to click the link below in the
description
half of the year has passed but the
students from class 3e have not been
able to assassinate cora sensei their
weird squid-like teacher who plans to
destroy the earth on graduation day
at the beginning of the movie cora
sensei is interviewing his students
regarding what they want to do after
graduation but as usual his students
still try to seek the opportunity to
assassinate their teacher
among the students nagisa the main
protagonist in the movie is still unable
to find out what he wants after he
graduates
karassima a representative from the
ministry of defense tells the class that
there will be a school festival next
week which will be attended by students
from other schools and people from the
city he also adds that this will be the
perfect opportunity for class three e
students to plan the assassination
because koro sensei's attention will
surely be distracted making him the easy
target of killing given the opportunity
kurosama states that the ministry of
defense will also send a sniper named
red eye thus the students should
assassinate korra sensei before the
sniper does
long story short the festival begins and
koro sensei disguises himself as a clown
so that he won't be recognized by the
people
but even though koro sensei exposes
himself in open space the sniper still
struggles to lock his aim to the weird
creature the theater show for class 3e
has started however the students and the
sniper are having a hard time catching
and assassinating cora sensei
surprisingly the teacher also manages to
spot the sniper and humiliates him as he
brings the sniper down to participate in
the show
cora sensei even compliments the sniper
after the show for motivating their
students to prepare their best for
assassination
after the school festival ends one of
the class 3e students kaede kaiano
catches koro sensei off guard and
manages to surround cora sensei by using
anti-teacher fibers to limit his
movement she then begins her assault by
revealing her tentacles and starts
attacking the yellow creature endlessly
surprisingly she reveals that she is
actually the younger sister of aguero
yukimura who was the class's former
teacher and accuses koro sensei a
murderer she wants to take revenge
against horus sensei for having
supposedly killed her sister this event
leaves all students of class 3e confused
urging the teacher to tell the truth to
them
but hora sensei refuses to answer and
tells them that he will tell his past
after kyano comes back as she is still
part of class 3e
kyano reflects on the past year when she
went to aguery's workplace to deliver a
package
there suddenly a big explosion occurs
kiano easily made her way through the
rubble to find a tentacled creature
standing beside her sister before
fleeing kyoto sees her sister's dead
body and a note saying that the
perpetrator will be teaching at
kunigioka junior high
in preparation for her revenge she also
took the vials without thinking and
injected them into herself making her a
tentacled creature back to the present
kiano confronts coro sensei while he is
cosplaying himself as a dog and
challenges cora sensei to a duel
she manages to get cora sensei cornered
with her fire tentacles but it will
drain her energy much faster knowing
that the experimental tentacles she
wears is taxing her life force cora
sensei allows himself to get attacked
and tells the students to calm her down
nagisa manages to distract her with a
kiss and koro sensei manages to cut off
the tentacles from kyano
cora sensei realizes that the battle has
been observed by the white cloaked man
who was previously seen to be a tone as
guardian cora sensei confronts him and
manages to see his true identity who
turns out to be yanagisawa we'll get
into him later
after the battle koro sensei decides to
tell the class about his past
he reveals that he was actually a human
who worked as an assassin called
sinigami or god of death two years ago
due to his strength and intelligence an
unofficial research organization led by
yano gisawa captured him making him a
test subject for antimatter experiments
surprisingly the assassin was monitored
by a guri who turns out to be
yanagisawa's fiance
time flies and both of them managed to
develop a close relationship especially
after she revealed that she was a
teacher during the daytime aguri
revealed that she loved her job as a
teacher so much and was very motivated
to help the students in class 3e to
become a better person one day exactly
one year after the first time the
assassin and guri had met yanagisawa
found out that the mouse tested on the
moon had destroyed 70 of the moon
realizing that the same thing would
occur on the assassin's body and could
destroy the earth thus he ordered the
disposal of the assassin before it was
too late knowing this the assassin plans
to retaliate with his hidden power from
the test and live until he eventually
self-destructs and destroys the world
yano gisawa launched a weapon called
tentacle mines to kill him but the
assassin was protected by a guri causing
her to be stabbed by the weapon and died
on the spot this event made the assassin
change his mind leading him to make a
vow with a guri to teach class 3e
back to the present koro sensei states
that he will still die in march next
year
thus he wants to be killed by his own
students because of the bond they have
developed for the past six months
after hearing the shocking story all
students of class 3 become speechless
even during the winter break no students
could plot an assassination
long story short nagisa decides to find
a way to save cora sensei instead of
killing him but several students
including karma disagree with his
opinion causing the class to split into
two big groups cora sensei suddenly
comes and suggests ngisa and karma to do
a one-on-one battle to decide which side
will win
the fight is quite dramatic and is
watched by the other students
eventually after a long fight karma
manages to beat nagisa and is going to
stab megisa with a knife but karma
suddenly surrenders after realizing that
negisa really wants to help the teacher
and karma is ready to help him
reitsu manages to collect all the
classified information related to cora
sensei finding that it is possible to
make a drug to save their teacher to
gather more information the students
plan to sneak into yanagisawa's lab and
manage to steal a file from there
after that the class begins to work on
an antidote based on the data stolen
from yanagisawa's lab
a few moments later the class manages to
complete the antidote and it is ready to
be given to cora sensei on the other
side the government decides to use a
laser beam ignited by a satellite as a
last resort to kill cora sensei
while cora sensei is alone kurosuma
orders to launch an anti-super bean
barrier which isolates the yellow
creature in the classroom the government
agents also kidnap the students of class
3e and lock them in a tunnel karassama
explains that the kidnap has to be done
so that they won't try to do some silly
and dangerous stuff in order to help
cora sensei however the students manage
to find a way in escape while escaping
they meet karasima instead of returning
them back into the prison he encourages
the students to help cora sensei
surprisingly the students are also
helped by arena
she manages to distract the military by
shooting randomly with her grenade
launcher
long story short after an epic battle
against the military officers the
students of class 3e reach the classroom
and meet cora sensei there
cora sensei is impressed by the effort
made by the students to help him
they hand over the antidote and force
koro sensei to drink it but suddenly
yanagisawa confronts them he explains
that they have been tricked by him
because the file that was previously
stolen from his lab was faked yanogisawa
states that he wants revenge for what
coruscensei had done before and starts
to inject several artificial tentacle
liquid transforming himself into a
horrifying monstrous being he is way
more stronger than cora sensei and
manages to tear koro sensei apart seeing
him easily defeating cora sensei kyoto
attempts to protect him only causing her
to get stabbed in the process
filled with anger because having to see
the tragedy from two years ago repeats
for a sensei casts a very strong laser
beam which eliminates yanagisawa
instantly
learning from his previous mistake poro
sensei learns how to do a surgery and
manages to save kyano's life with his
skill
after the fight cora sensei becomes very
weak and tells the students that this is
the time to kill him he urges the
students to kill him or he will be
killed by the laser beam
nagisa offers himself to be one to
perform the assassination while the
other students holds cora sensei's
tentacles
after a very dramatic moment where cora
sensei says his last words nagisa
finally stabs the knife into corus
sensei's heart causing korra sensei to
disappear and his body dissipates into
many particles of yellowish light the
ending shows that cora sensei always
wants to be killed before he explodes
and causes any threat to the planet in
the end the man who was seemingly the
villain of the story was actually the
hero
he not only makes the best out of his
last few days on earth but also manages
to inspire his students to be a better
person
several years later nagisa has finally
found his goal and decides to become a
teacher for delinquents
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
to help the channel out thank you for
watching